unemployment continues to decline in the
US while simultaneously having less and
less people working more debt is being
accumulated by individuals while they
are maxed out on their credit limits
more money is being printed into the
system in an attempt by central banks to
increased liquidity the system could run
stagnant at any moment and it's all in
the hands of the central Bankers who
have only their interests in mind you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we're going to talk
about the General economy we're going to
talk about employment and we are going
to talk about potato chips let's get
into it right away beginning with this
for which professionals does debt to
income ratio fall the fastest and you
could see obviously medical
professionals incur excessive amounts of
debt whereas people with their masters
of business do not have such a debt
ratio but medical professionals earning
quite a bit are able to pay that off
quick
quickly what I would say and the reason
I show you this is that individuals
accumulate excessive amounts of debt
when they go to school universities
colleges and this is obviously a very
big problem puts a lot of burden on
individuals for those first few years if
they can find the job but of course the
jobs Market seems to be declining a lot
of people are either still living with
their parents after they graduate or
they have to live in um what you would
call essentially a shared Living Spaces
like a dorm room and I've showed you
those here before let's show you the
chart
form which graduate degree comes with
the most debt relative to income this
chart shows you it here average debt
191,000 for medical professionals
average income 135 so that debt to
income ratio 1.41 and it goes on not
going to bring that all to you I just
wanted to show you the fact that people
who earn a lot of income coming out of
school they may have excessive amounts
of debt so these people aren't going to
be necessarily that productive towards
the economy for a few years let's say
and that's if everything works out
great that's a very big concern because
the school system is supposed to train
people it's supposed to get them out
there and then they become productive
parts of society but if this individual
is being buried in debt how are they
going to be there spending buying Big
Ticket items and so on they just
accumulate more debt but obviously
that's a big problem you can't do that
now there more and more people coming
out of school they're graduating and of
course they're getting the jobs that
they desire right well unfortunately
that's not the case this is the real
what I would like to see as the
employment rate
not the unemployment rate but the
employment rate and that is the civilian
labor force participation rate how many
people are actually working and you can
see very clearly it has been declining
it hasn't been declining over the last
quarter hasn't been declining over the
last year it has been declining since
practically the year 2000 okay it's been
declining
consistently it's been slowing as of
late but ultimately look where the trend
is and the way I see it is that this is
not something that can
improve because the jobs are being
shipped overseas we have seen that the
taxes the regulations are burdening
individuals they're burdening
corporations look at what has uh
Obamacare has done Obamacare has
destroyed many businesses and they
basically say look I can't hire you as a
full-time individual or I can't hire you
at all simply because of the costs that
I've incurred throughout Obamacare this
is what we really need to look at these
are four charts right
here a lot of times I read the news and
you'll see they always mention consumer
confidence it becomes like the most
important thing out
there but of course I've always said
this that it's a
ridiculous statistic I never show you
this as an actual indicator I don't
believe it's accurate look at this the
even though consumer confidence has been
doing well recently you can see the
actual spending has declined spending on
food services and at drinking places
down spending at department stores down
spending on luxury designer retail is
down significantly spending at food and
beverage stores even is down people
aren't doing well let's face it there
are some individuals out there who are
doing great there are people who are
investing who are making a lot of money
recently there are houses which have
increased in value and so on but there
is a whole huge block of people that are
not doing well that's what I try to
focus on because that's the majority of
people not the few that are doing really
well they're billionaires they're
millionaires they're buying this and
that a lot of people aren't doing well
and the situation is getting worse and
this right here this what I'm showing
you now is what I keep talking about
people say where's the collapse where's
the collapse look at it look at
it let's move
on how old are you they say when they
talk about the different ages How likely
are you to default on your
loans
Millennials are the
ones far by far and large
suggesting that they are likely to
default I believe it wasn't in a
12-month
period we are going to run into a very
bad situation because the debt to income
ratios for the general population is
terrible and it's also really bad here
in the 35 to 44
range individuals who have already paid
off their debt you know they grew up in
a different time may not suffer as much
but I would suggest that the general
economy is suffering
all right potato chips right you go to
the store you buy your chips no big deal
well what if they were $12 a bag that's
the
great Japan potato chip crisis Panic
buying $12 bags so what's happening here
is there's a shortage that's
occurring it doesn't matter about the
potato chips what I'm showing you here
is how one particular item which you
take advantage of it might cost you $2
when you go to the store now tomorrow
could be 10 times as much it could be
five times as much or whatever all of a
sudden you
thought look that was really cheap and
it's only making up let's say 10% of my
income all of a sudden it's making up
25% of my income now I'm in a little
different state that's what's going on
here in this you know small example but
could happen to
everybody and it seems a little bit
silly about the potato chips but you
have seen it look how fast the store
shelves empty in any
crisis that's why you need to be
prepared that's why I say become
self-sufficient when you're
self-sufficient you are prepared for
this type of thing when prices increase
if there's a hyperinflation or there's a
natural disaster or anything else you
need to be prepared this here third MPS
Beach shutdown after us steel toxic
spill okay so there's a toxic spill and
it's leading out into the water and of
course nothing is going to be done about
it this is what's going on with
Fukushima this is what has happened in
Lake Ontario the drinking water for many
people just absolutely being polluted
and the government doesn't have
resolution they said in Lake Ontario
happened more than once where the
nuclear reactor leaked into the lake and
they said it's only a small amount don't
worry we're not going to clean it up
that's how small the amount is they
didn't even investigate what would be
done and I just you this article as the
way that they
perceive is
essentially if we go in and we bring
these crews in and we clean up and I'm
not suggest they may actually clean this
up but in general the way it works
whenever there's a bad situation they
say if we start reacting to it people
are going to freak out if we just say
that everything's okay the news media we
can get them to not cover it and that's
it the problem is solved just like
that remember how they said the uh the
EPA I believe it was the air is safe to
breathe on 911 obviously we found out
later that that was a
lie they don't care about individuals
that's the way it is it's faceless
entities you know we call it the
government but obviously there's uh much
more going on this is just an example
anyway let's move
on US drops the biggest
nonnuclear weapon ever and it did so in
the caves in
Afghanistan how many times have we heard
about I believe it was Aaron
Russo who
said just before he died stated that you
know he was told by the
Rockefeller that we're going to have
this
real funny thing
happen people are going to to be looking
for the bad guys in the caves and he
laughed about it how silly it would be
that after disastrous event we would go
in and look for the Boogeyman in the
caves and still the same policies are
being applied today is not going to
change this is this is
ridiculous dropping bombs on caves as if
you know what's going
on in an area
where we have so much going on in the
economy so much real
problem so many real problems and yet
we're doing silliness like this I mean
we have to stop this real there's
tensities appearing all over the place
people are suffering like never before
poverty is increasing day after day
after day and yet we have to spend money
on garbage on a waste on the creation of
the US of the UK of Israel creating
these forces training
them propagating them infuriating them
and allowing them to expand and then we
have a boogeyman to fight it's been
going on since at least 1979 with the
mujahadin calling the
Taliban then down to Al-Qaeda now
they're splitting off into all these
different factions al- nura Muslim
Brotherhood is sort of there and then
you have the caliphate and the Islamic
State and then you know goes
on perhaps now it's actually an or
organic spin-off that's happening
becoming uncontrollable that's the point
they want to destabilize All Nations
look at Europe how terrible it is right
now Europe is a hell hole in many
areas because we're not focusing at the
task at hand and that's worrying about
ourselves in a way it's just the way it
is you can't go and give foreign aid to
every single country when you have your
own problems to deal with I mean this is
silly going off and bombing caves as if
you know what's happening there it's not
going to solve
anything and we need to once again get
to the task at hand get the economy
going again get the prosperity going
again there'll be less poverty there'll
be less violence and crime this is a
statistical fact when you can see that
more Prosperity equals less crime equals
people are better they're happy they're
investing they're doing their own
philanthropy on their own time and
everything else because there's more
abundance but of course that's not the
case that's not going to happen we're
going to have more war we're going to
have more chaos and crisis and panic if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and global economic collapse even
more
informative check out the first book if
you're interested in the four asset
classes and how to profit from them and
the history and the foundation and then
the new book if you're interested in
what I call the money GPS strategy and
that is to become self-sufficient to
reduce your monthly expenses and so on
so together they formulate this uh
excellent syy en I hope that you will
check that out at Amazon you can flip
through the book over there if you are
interested in the
audiobook for global economic collapse
that one is done I would ask you to
email me directly right now um if you're
interested in it email me directly at
davidthe gps.com the site isn't really
working properly but if you email me
directly we can get that going so David
themoney gps.com if you're interested in
the audio book for global economic
collapse thank you